docs: clarify validation and mutation scope (#4556)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/constrainttemplates.md

title: Constraint Templates
---

ConstraintTemplates define a way to validate some set of Kubernetes objects in Gatekeeper's Kubernetes [admission controller](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/03/21/a-guide-to-kubernetes-admission-controllers/).

They are part of Gatekeeper's validation policy model. Mutation policies use separate [mutator resources](mutation.md).

ConstraintTemplates are made of two main elements:

> 1. [Rego](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/#rego) code that defines a policy violation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [code that defines a policy violation](#field-precedence-in-constrainttemplate)
```
